electric barrier box looks like my old
lunch box yeah from middle school let's
try the lunchbox out that's not a ham
sandwich holy shit with this building
classes and I'm surrounded by zombies
damn it ah okay I can do this just don't
look down no that doesn't work I'll try
a mine it's mine moments like these make
me wish Will Smith is here so you can
see how awesome I am yeah why do they
even bother trying to touch me I can
picture it now zombie barbecue next
Saturday 529 bring ketchup warm and
toasty fire that expression doesn't make
any sense I don't see any toast there
the hell's that beast in the microwave
finish I thought of an invention when I
was a little kid it was a microwave but
when it was finished it would spray you
with water I guess I don't really
understand anything anymore I don't
understand that sign outside of Jackie's
bar either it says free beer tomorrow
whoa okay this is not a good place to be
I lied been here before
Oh
like my father said place the mines in
your place at times is it just me or do
old people smell like coffee
hope I should find a way out that's what
she said no that didn't work am I
missing something here oh hi they take
your order yeah I'd like a hot dog and
fries to go that'll be two dollars
eighty-seven cents sorry sir no chance
you happen to have any cash on you you
have change for a 20 no but I've changed
for 20 oh shit the roof is gone out I
didn't do that did I wouldn't it be cool
if this is a real-life movie everyone
who's watching me on a screen right now
if it was a movie I can't die I'm
invincible if I could find the camera I
could start staring at it and scare all
pack levy pain this is endless that's
what she said no doesn't work either
soda machine on the top floor of the
bank if I could go back in time what
would I have done differently today I
would have parked my car in a different
place it's probably filled up with water
now and little fish and sharks are
sliding around in it does my insurance
cover a biogenic sharks the zombies are
coming the zombies are coming that's
what I'm not even gonna go there quite a
football I could chug it straight over
that wall oh yeah I got to turn on the
lunch box here
we go
points I'm trying to stay alive here
am I going to run out of ammo soon what
about calling for help 911 the laugh of
me oh crap that was close would it kill
these zombies to die so little common
courtesy we're living in a society here
where people don't just stay alive when
it gets in other people's way by the guy
Chris I asked him what you would do for
a Klondike bar he said your mom some
people don't know how to be polite
there's another hey I which will smith
of your moment I just stabbed for
zombies this is taking a long time now
though is it getting too hard that's
what yeah like a just maneuver safely
down there that'd be my way out I can
just get my foot over yeah I screaming
like my grandma I think I'm allergic to
my grandma
I'm here I'm gonna have to make that
jump it's the only way out just like
hurdles I'm back in high school yeah
where am I did I just jump off a
building am i dead at least I'm not a
squash that's a fruit